# hello-world
Hello World Repository
My biography for GitHub
I am a very friendly and outgoing individual who loves the information technology field. I went to a 4 year university and graduated with honors and achieved a bachelor's degree of science in Information technolgy in 2009 while I raised my son. I was born and raised in Pennsylvania and moved to Florida in November of 2017. I have always loved Florida and have wanted to live here for many years, you could say it was actually a dream of mine that I thought about since I was a young girl at the age of 12. I have finally made that dream a reality and am incredibly happy here. The only thing that would make all of my dreams come true both professionally and personally would be to work remotely for an incredible company like GitHub. It has always been my dream even while attending college to be in the development world and unfortunately I have had very little possibilties or exposure because of where I lived in Pennsylvania and almost all jobs want a tremendous amount of experience to be a developer in any fashion or language. Please give me the opportunity to not only support this environment but also learn and mold me to become a GitHub developer in my future. I would be forever thankful and I promise and assure you I will be the most dedicated and determined IT professional for your company that you have ever come across. Thank you so much for reading this. I look forward to speaking with you more in the very near future!!
